Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
For this is God's will.
your sanctification.
that you keep away
from sexual immorality
each of you knows how
to control his own body
in holiness and honor
not with lustful passions
like the Gentiles
who don't know God.
This means we must not
transgress against
or take advantage of a brother
or sister in this manner
because the Lord is an avenger
these offenses.
We know what
commandments we must...
I didn't know who else
to call.
You did the right thing.
Have you told anyone else?
No. but I feel
we're too late.
Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ!
Clean up what
you can. Dr. Sutter.
And burn the rest.
- Now. be nice.
- Yes. Mummy.
Thank you.
Darling.
Adelaide.
I'll show you around.
The previous vicar was
the house sitter before us.
but it's been unoccupied
nearly three years now.
As you see. it needs
some attention.
A woman's touch
is all it needs.
Um...
I'm so glad you agreed
to join me here.
Well. of course.
We are married. Linus.
There is electricity.
But i-it's prone to fail.
The housekeeper is
quite the green fingers.
Much of the house has been
closed off to us.
I-I think
it's better that way.
Make a home only in the rooms
we can keep warm.
We'll make it a home
in every room.
How's the church?
It's had no congregation
since Reverend Hall
and his wife moved out
of the country.
I rather fear things
have lapsed in their absence.
I'm sure Malachi has
entrusted me
to bring
the community back.
- Quite the task.
- Linus.
You worry too much.
This will be a success.
I. uh... I've asked them
to put some toys in her room.
I hope she will
be happy here.
She will be.
This house is wonderful.
and we will support you
in every way we can.
Thank you.
Father. we've come to share
a meal in your honor.
Thank you for bringing us
together as a family.
And thank you for this food.
Plus it in our hearts. Lord.
Guide our
mealtime conversations
and steer our hearts
to your presence.
In Jesus Christ's name. amen.
It's very rude to start
eating. Adelaide.
before I've finished Grace.
You need to wait until
I've said the word "amen."
Sorry.
It's all right.
You weren't to know.
- Mommy.
- Hm?
Will you tuck me in
as tight as her?
She's blind. Mommy.
What game was it?
We weren't
playing a game.
Veronica is making
her better.
And who are
these strange fellows.
the ones in
the brown hoods?
I don't know.
She won't tell me.
She says it's private.
Well. maybe she'll tell you
in the morning.
Linus?
Marianne.
Would you?
I thought to begin with.
there were
too many things.
You were traveling.
I had Adie. and I thought...
I just thought
it was a matter of time.
Of course.
We're married.
We should share a bed.
Surely it's God's will that
we should be man and wife.
It's me. isn't it?
No. it's not. I...
I. uh...
I just need time.
"This is the word of God.
your sanctification.
That you abstain
from sexual immorality.
that each of you know
how to possess his own vessel
in sanctification and honor.
not in lustful passion."
Linus?
It's probably mice
or rats. no more than that.
Are you talking about
the voices?
What did you hear?
Nothing.
Adelaide.
what did you hear?
It was nothing.
I saw that in my room.
the pendant.
Betsy. can I see that?
Is it any wonder the
congregation is so small
when superstition
like that's taken hold?
I don't want to see
that again. Betsy.
Why don't you two go into town
this afternoon?
Hm?
I believe they're showing
that Disney film.
Frank will drive you.
I like your pendant.
Earlier this year.
the land forces of
the Wermacht marched across
the border into Austria.
violating
the Treaty of Versailles
and demonstrating once again
Hitler's aggressive
territorial ambition.
Once there. they received
a rapturous welcome
and cheering
from the people of Austria.
increasing the power
of the German Reich.
Eyes now turn to the Sudetenland
and Czechoslovakia.
Where we'll Hitler's lust
for power and land end?
Come here.
Are we safe on
our fair island?
Do you want to know
what my favorite part
of the film was?
Yes. I do.
The bit when...
Help the war effort!
You think Linus
would like it?
We fight fascists
over there
so you can sleep safe here.
Help the war effort.
Thank you.
Trust you enjoyed
the film. ma'am.
- We did. Frank.
- Ready to leave?
You know. there must be some
spare iron around the house.
So much of it
isn't even in use.
- Morning.
- Morning. Reverend.
We fight
fascists over there.
Why does God
allow evil to exist?
Why does he allow war?
There are times. there are times
when we feel his absence.
But Jesus tells us
that he... he warms us.
That's much better.
He warms us...
against taking an eye for an eye
and a tooth for a tooth
because violence.
it only begets violence.
And violence is a sin.
So our brothers
who died for our country
in the Great War are sinners.
also. are they?
The church is closed.
Everyone is welcome
in the house of God. surely.
War is a sin.
And what is your
vice I wonder?
How dare you.
you are in no
position to...
Excuse me.
The graves of 10.000 men
was my bed
and my toilet.
For two years.
Might you have also
lived through that hell.
you would not be
so quick to judge. Linus.
How do you know my name?
Oh. I...
I know lots of things.
Forgotten lots
of things. also.
This book
is a history
of the Minassian Order.
an offshoot of
the Augustine.
the black cannon.
The local occupants
of the monastery
that burned down
a long time ago.
You might have heard
of this story.
The house in which you now live
is built on its ruins.
What are you
talking about?
You ever asked yourself
why you're here. Linus?
Bishop Malachi
didn't exactly pick you
for your oratory skills.
So why are you here
at that house?
What purpose is it
you serve?
You are the one
who should not be here.
Have you heard things
in the night. perhaps voices.
whispers. temptations?
Is the house playing tricks
on your wife's mind?
Because it will.
There's a tomb
not so far from here. Linus.
that dates back
to the Minassian Order
of which I spoke.
Two people's bodies
were buried there
three years ago.
Two bodies. on your
Bishop Malachi's orders
in the tomb maintained
by the church.
I believe those bodies belong
to the previous tenants
of your house.
Beatrice and Stanley Hall.
Malachi has lied to you.
The Halls emigrated
to Australia very happily.
If you don't leave
right now.
I'm going to call
the police.
If you do not believe me.
go look in the tomb.
If not for your sake.
for the sake
of the little girl
and your beautiful wife.
How dare you.
Mention my wife!
Beatrice Hall lost her mind
living in that house.
They said her behavior
was no longer befitting
that of a vicar's wife.
I think it fair to say that
several the local men
may have noticed.
That is why he killed her!
There's also suggestion
that she was with child.
illegitimate. of course.
I don't know what you think
you know.
but the Halls
are alive and well.
and my family is none
of your concern.
Why are you so hungry?
What about you. Uncle Peter?
You haven't eaten anything.
See you're busy.
When you're done.
shall we go and play?
What's the time. Mr. Wolf?
It's... 3:00!
1:00!
What's the time.
Mr. Wolf?
Adie?
Come on. I'm serious now.
See it?!
Adie!
Do not run away like that.
- Come on.
- Scared you.
Yes. you did.
The president is
with Neville Chamberlain.
Since he took office.
Mr. Chamberlain has never
wavered in his determination
to establish peace in Europe.
As the hour with
the dark clouds of war
hangs most menacingly
above the world's heads.
the prime minister took
a wise and bold decision
to hold the European meetings
in Munich.
History will call him
"Chamberlain the Peacemaker."
The Premiere returned
to England on the same
British Airways plane that
had taken him on
the outward flight.
and he said from the plane.
the Premiere was handed
a special letter
from His Majesty. the King.
Then he faced microphone
and camera once again.
The agreement
signed last night
and the Anglo-German
naval agreement
is symbolic of the desire
of our two peoples
never to go to war
with one another again.
Linus.
Bishop Malachi.
This is
an unexpected honor.
I placed you here.
Surely I'm very much
to be expected.
Most stimulating
conversation. Marianne.
I hope you're both
settling in well.
Yes. Yes.
Thank you. Father.
Personally. I find it
quite disconcerting
to sleep at a place so grand
when so many others in Europe
are struggling.
Marianne. this is
hardly the time.
No. please.
Marianne speaks her mind.
In difficult times
such as this.
God's grip on his people
is weakened.
A time when the strength
of the church
is more important than ever.
I'm not sure
the church alone will see us
through what's
happening in the world.
Fascism is truly vile.
Would you not agree?
Marianne.
that's quite enough.
Sorry. Father.
Would you. um...
Would you like to
join me for a drink?
I see you found
Stanley's Bible.
Yes. I was bringing
it to you.
And yet you didn't
know I'd be here.
It's been defaced.
He was a troubled
man at times.
I'm sure the sunshine
of the colonies
is doing him some good.
How's the congregation?
Mm. quiet.
But that will change.
A house. generous stipend.
a far cry from
the wiles of missionary work.
wouldn't you say?
Yes.
it's very generous.
I'm very grateful.
You should be.
She's a spirited woman.
fiery and strong.
Hard to believe
that she could sink so low
as to give
her own daughter away.
Even if she did
take her back.
All those things
that people were saying.
Hell of a thing
you did there.
Really.
Saving her.
I try not to look
at it that way.
Anything you wish
to tell me?
About what?
There has been a man.
A pagan.
He was seen in town
this afternoon.
He's a charlatan.
A storyteller.
His brand of godlessness
is dangerous.
He's known to us.
I thought I'd come sooner
rather than later to warn you.
You see. some people
make a living creating myths
and then selling themselves
as the savior.
Please...
educate yourself
and call me if you
see him again.
I give you my word.
Why would I need
your word?
I have your loyalty.
You shouldn't
let Bishop Malachi get to you.
It's nothing for you
to concern yourself with.
Adelaide. manners.
Men in Colchester
were collecting
for the war in Spain.
What men were those?
Frank Driver
was amongst them.
It's not really any
of our business. Marianne.
They're going to kill us.
aren't they. Mommy?
What do you mean?
The bad men we saw
in the news.
Adelaide. we are
completely safe here.
You shouldn't have let her
see that newsreel.
Perhaps.
But equally.
we shouldn't pretend
that things
aren't happening.
There's no excuse
for doing nothing.
Fascists are taking
controlled by force.
Yes. but to oppose
with force is a sin
of exactly
the same cloth.
I can't support
that action.
I've arranged
for a collection.
We'll donate the metal
that's just gathering dust.
Adelaide. why don't you go to
your room and play.
Betsy. stop that for a moment
and leave us. please.
Just leave it!
Everything in this house
is the property of
the church. Marianne.
It's not
yours to give away.
That's the end of it.
I don't want you talking
with men in the town
- like that either.
- I'm sorry.
You're not cohorting
with your artist friends.
You're a vicar's wife now.
You're not some...
Finish that sentence.
You're my wife.
Am I?
Because a deed is worth more
than a word. Linus.
The same way a touch
is worth more than a look.
Adie?
Adie. come on.
Adie.
You're so clever. honey.
This is our house.
isn't it?
Do you want to
show me around?
Okay. Um. that's where
the horses stay.
This is the dining room
where they all eat.
And then over there
is the bedroom.
That is
the living room.
This is where
they all play.
and that's baby's room.
What's this room?
Mommy says you're
not to go there.
Excuse me?
Mommy says you're
forbidden to go there.
You're not to look.
Your mommy.
I'm your mommy.
You're not.
You're not my mommy.
Adie. I am your mother.
You're not!
You're a liar!
Adie. will you
look at me?
No!
Adie. look at me
this instant.
No. I will not
- Adie. please.
- No!
Right. Come on.
Get off me! No!
I hate you!
You can be very cruel.
Adie.
Betsy!
Betsy! Betsy!
Oh. God.
No. God!
No.
Linus!
Marianne?
Linus. help me!
Marianne. what is
this nonsense?
Huh?
First Adelaide.
and now this.
Do I need to be
concerned for you both?
Have Betsy clean it up.
I would say stress
on both parts.
It affects adults
in the same way.
Don't upset yourself.
Children are unpredictable
at the best of times.
let alone
after a big upheaval.
Give her time.
Her mind will settle
when she feels more at home.
I'm not overly concerned.
But I am. concerned.
doctor.
Whereabouts are you living.
Mrs. Forster?
Morley Hall.
You're... you're
the vicar's wife.
Yes.
Is that a problem?
No. no.
They shouldn't
be there.
There's a child.
What kind of evil
would allow such a thing?
Same kind that convinces
one good man
to kill another good man.
by telling him
it's the will of God
I swore never to speak about
what I saw that day. but...
I can't sit by and watch
another family die.
I won't allow
that to happen.
- Malachi.
- Stay where you are.
Take a pew.
Welcome to my church. Bishop.
I've been taking confession
from our friend here.
Tells me that truth
is power.
Too much power can corrupt
even the most
peaceful of philosophies.
People. their. uh...
Their minds turn them into.
um... you. Bishop.
You tell me
what you're hiding.
Tell me your secrets.
I said stay where
you are. Dr. Sutter.
You've been taken in
by a fraud and a charlatan.
An occultist
who hides in his world
of fairies
and magic. secrets.
What about that poor girl
in Portsmouth?
Your lies led her into
the marshes. and she drowned.
Didn't she?
You should be in jail.
Well. if that were true.
I would be.
Well. if they had more evidence.
you would be.
Why have you placed another
young couple in that house
after what happened
to the Halls?
Gentry that bequeathed
that house to the church
did so in the belief
that it would be made safe.
not turned into free board
and arching sport
for whatever bloody game
it is you're playing. Bishop.
If you don't leave
this place immediately.
I'll see to it that you're
interred in the darkest cell.
And maybe I'll find
the evidence that they couldn't.
Oh.
Now. that would be
very befitting
your order.
wouldn't it. Bishop?
You...
Find a new friend.
Friend.
Oh. I know all about
your German cohorts. Bishop.
Sieg heil!
Sieg heil! Sieg heil!
That told him.
I believe
it's your round. Doctor.
Where are you?
Help me. please!
Please don't leave me!
I hear you. child.
I hear you.
Where are you?!
Why won't you help me?!
Help me!
Yes. I just
need to rest.
Seeing things.
Yes. yes. I have.
Have you seen things?
A man.
Yes.
Do I go here?
You go.
Hello?
I must apologize.
You find me at low point.
For today. anyhow.
Clearly this was a mistake.
Mrs. Forster. you've come
for a reason. have you not?
Have you seen things
in the house. perhaps?
Have you seen the monk?
I know you have.
Betsy's the one that
contacted me.
She's a very old
and dear friend of mine.
Can I show you something?
I've been investigating
your house for some time now.
This book is a history
of the Minassian Order's
sick perversion
of the Christian faith.
The grounds of your house
now rest on what remains
of its legacy.
They believed
in punishment for sin.
that torture would
bring them closer to God.
If the book is correct
and to be believed.
then the deeds
of the monastery
have had a profound effect
on the grounds of your house.
Why have you married a vicar
and yet. you have had a child.
your daughter.
born out of wedlock.
Adie's my sister's...
No. No. she's not.
This is a lie you tell.
a story that you sell to others.
Do not deceive yourself.
Mrs. Forster.
Denial is the teet on
which the Beast will suckle.
I beg your pardon.
Your breast. the tit.
I would apologize. but time
is running out for you
and for your family.
The house you live in
feeds upon the charade
that you show to others.
We're only our true selves
when we're alone. are we not?
Do you understand?
This house turns children
against their parents.
husbands against
their wives.
This evil lurks
in the long shadow of shame.
Who are you?
No.
When the darkness closes in
and all light is gone
and all you can smell
is your own fear...
...will you remember
who you are?
The shame of your
illegitimate child haunts you.
If you don't leave that house.
the shame will kill you.
Take the book.
speak to your husband.
For the sake of your daughter.
get out of that house
before it's too late.
Marianne?
Where have you been?
Am I not permitted
to freely walk
around the parish?
Am I not permitted
an answer?
Not when you speak
with an accuser's tongue.
- What's that?
- Answers possibly.
Has that charlatan been
to see you?
There is something strange
about this house. Linus.
I have seen things.
felt things.
Have you not?
That man... That man is
a fraud. Marianne.
He... he poisons people's minds
w-with superstition.
Was it he poisoned
your mind?
- No.
- Give me the book!
Or what?!
You'll become violent.
It's a shame.
Only jealousy
fuels your passion.
"And when Jesus cried out
again in a loud voice.
he gave up his spirit."
"At that moment.
the curtain of the Temple..."
Uh...
"At that moment.
the curtain of the temple
was torn in two from top ..."
Hello. Marianne.
You'll find
Linus in the church.
I know.
It's you I want to speak with
on a personal matter.
I have no secrets
from my husband.
Yes. you do.
None that
I would tell you.
Linus doesn't know about
your confession. now does he?
A Protestant girl giving
confession to a Catholic priest.
That was a long time ago.
I was ill.
You were pregnant.
Shamed by the sin
of your flesh.
unable to return
to your family.
A hospital for the mentally
infirm your new home.
What is it that you
could tell a priest
that you couldn't
tell a doctor?
The doctor told me
that Adie had died inside me.
That's why I became ill.
They told me
she had to be removed.
They were lying.
I felt her kick.
And I did not ask
for confession.
I asked for the priest
to hide me
until she was born.
Well. he didn't.
did he?
He called the hospital.
and they proclaimed you mad.
They couldn't abort.
Priest saw to that.
That the child was born
and taken from you.
Why ask if you
already know?
What I need you
to understand
is how you got Adie back.
You see. as well as
calling the hospital.
the priest called me.
and I came to visit you there.
Do you remember?
You were heavily sedated.
confused.
But mad. Oh.
You were a mother
in need of her child.
It was I who got
your daughter back.
And I called the orphanage
and convinced them
that a mission I was running
could care for you both.
It was there that
you met Linus.
What is it you want?
I know the company
you've been keeping of late.
I do not want you
to listen to his lies.
And I do not want you
to leave this house.
You see.
I placed you here.
Not because of your husband.
but because of you.
And I need to feel like
I made the correct decision.
Do you understand?
Now we both have Adelaide's
best interests at heart...
a happy and loving home
here at Morley Hall.
Now. if she were to leave.
I cannot ensure that safety.
God returns
your daughter to you.
God can also take her.
Adie?
I'm in no mood for games.
Adie. where are you?
Come in.
Quick.
Adie?
No! I don't want it!
Marianne...
You don't know.
You're my mommy.
No!
Go away!
Please. make her go away!
Make her go away.
please!
Why didn't you
answer me earlier?
I was calling for you.
I can't find
Veronica anywhere.
Did you take her?
Of course not.
I don't want you playing
with these anymore.
Marianne?
Don't call me that.
Mommy says you're going
to take us away from here.
that you're
going to leave Linus.
Is that true?
Go to sleep.
I don't want
to leave this house!
Go to sleep.
Aaah!
Adie.
How did you...
Adie?
Adie.
what are you doing up there?
Shh.
Adie?
Adie!
Linus. Adie's gone.
and I...
Oh. my God.
What are you doing?!
Was she taken
by the house?
Did... did the house
make you do what you did. too?
Linus. stop it.
I need your help.
I bet it was
the fucking house.
Mr. Reed. can you help me?
Adie's gone.
She's disappeared.
Can you find her?
Yes. I believe I can.
but if we are to find her.
we must... we have to see
the light on her face-to-face.
We must go into the darkness
of which I spoke.
Can you do this with me?
- Yes.
- And your husband?
Betsy!
She's deaf.
I've got a maid. you know?
Mm. She's deaf.
Deaf as a post.
I've got a deaf maid.
And a wife who is completely.
completely mad.
Lord. help me.
Will you find
my fucking maid?
- Adie?
- Shh.
What have they done to you?
You're not there anymore.
Goodbye.
Clean it up.
Clean it up. Clean it up.
Do not get too close.
Ms. Forster.
Clean it up.
Believe me when I say
your husband
did not kill Betsy.
He is a victim of this house.
as was she.
Beholden to its powers
and now held in its trance.
Clean it up.
This house is now repeating with
you what did it with the Halls.
Where's Adie?
Linus. where's Adie?
Clean it up.
Go and find
something of your daughter's
that was precious to her
so that we might still. still
tempt her back to us.
- Her doll.
- Yes. very good.
Clean it up.
Clean it up. Clean it up.
- Oh.
- Clean it up.
Clean it up I will
indeed. Linus.
Hide your eyes. Linus.
Are you in sight
into the cracks
and the crevices
of this house.
It's history. it's terrible.
terrible history
that has bewitched you.
Look past what this house
is showing you.
Look into the dark center
of the beyond.
Let me into your mind.
Show me what you see.
Linus.
Leave him.
This house is cursed.
Mrs. Forster.
We all admitted it
many years ago.
The monks tortured and mutilated
a woman in this house.
The woman now holds your
daughter as revenge
against the church
that did torment her.
The monks come of
the Minassian Order
are coming for you.
As they did
that poor. poor woman.
They ripped her open...
...because she was pregnant.
A child.
With their child.
They abandoned it down there
in the darkness.
blinded the woman
to hide their shame.
Now this poor. ghostly soul
has taken Adelaide as her own.
Do you love your husband.
Mrs. Forster?
- Yes.
- And do you trust me?
Yes.
Out! Out!
Are you there?
I see you.
Good for now.
But we must make haste.
She had a child down there
in the darkness.
It can't have survived
down there.
That is why she now
claims yours as her own.
Tell her. brave.
Was there a ritual.
was it not. Linus?
The absence of light.
Do you know this ritual?
I do.
Then we must use it
to enter the beyond.
From the sixth hour.
there was darkness
all over the land.
At about the ninth hour.
Jesus cried out in a loud voice
and gave up his spirit.
He said...
"Wouldst thou be willing to
lay down my life for another.
less worthy?
Hast thou ever felt
the pain of abandonment. agony?
Oh. God. why hast
Thou forsaken me?"
Mommy says
you're forbidden to go there.
You're not to look.
It is my sister's
No.
No. she's not.
It is a lie you tell.
a story that you say to others
to deceive yourself.
The child was born
and taken from you.
It was I who got
your daughter back.
What's the time.
Mr. Wolf?
Adie!
Give me my daughter!
Give me...
Please. please. please!
Please. please.
Sinner.
Confess.
No!
Confess your
filthy dirty ass.
Poor...
heretic...
slut.
I am a woman.
A mother.
And I do not regret
the beautiful night
I spent
with Adie's father.
In fact. I cherish it.
Bless me father.
for I have sinned!
Sin of the flesh!
I will not hide in shame.
Or mutilate my face.
as you've done.
Because I feel no shame.
You destroy your face because
you cannot look in the mirror
and see the man that
once were.
But I see you.
I see a brother.
A father.
A son.
I see three shameful men.
And I pity you.
Please. whoever you are...
please just
give my daughter back.
Adie?
Adie? Sweetheart.
- Shh.
- Adie!
Adie?
What's the time. Mr. Wolf?
It's 3:00.
What's the time.
Mr. Wolf?
It's 2:00.
What's the time. Mr. Wolf?
It's dinner time.
I'll see to it that your child
gets a proper burial.
Burial in the eyes of God.
You deserve so much more.
You have my word.
We will treat you
and your daughter
with such care.
History will be rewritten.
Let them play.
Can she have my dolly?
So she has something
to play with.
Yes.
I think she'd like that.
Almighty and eternal God.
from whose love in Christ
we cannot be parted
either in life or death.
hear our thoughts
and thanks giving
for those that
we remember today.
Fulfilling them
the promise of your love
and bring us all with them
to Your eternal joy.
Through Jesus Christ our lord.
amen.
It's Malachi.
I was right.
The girl found the bones.
Wilheim.
You old goat.
How are you?
In Him. we have redemption
through His blood.
The forgiveness
of our trespasses
according to the riches
of His grace.
As our prime minister is doing
all he can to avoid war
with Herr Hitler. to resolve
this crisis of nationalism
that's threatening
to engulf all of Europe.
I have had many of you asked me
if I can help them
to pray for peace.
And peace is a... it's good.
It's a noble thing to pray for.
But the only thing that's
necessary for evil to triumph
is for good men to do nothing.
That darkness that comes when
we fail to uphold the light.
when we are driven by fear
and blame others
for the shortcomings
in ourselves.
when we exploit what divides us
instead of what unites us.
let us pray this evil
does not spread further.
Our Father who art in heaven
hallowed be thy name.
thy kingdom come.
thy will be done.
on earth as it is in Heaven.
Give us this day...